Friends, if you are a life insurance agent
, with LIC, with ICIC, with
HDFC, with Tata or
with any life insurance company and
you have not yet taken the health insurance license,
then friends, you are wrong.  By easily
providing health insurance to your existing customers, and that too from the best and biggest company,
your customers will remain with you for the long run.  I will
appreciate you.  Will stay
connected with you.  Will not go to any other agent to buy a
policy.  If you want to expand your base
, increase your working,
increase your money, then it is very important for you to become a health agent of ICIC LB.  It is
very beneficial and can be a
win-win situation for you.
One person can take three licenses.  One for
health, one for life and one for general.  So
if you have a life and health license
then you will have to appear for the exam for ICS Loboard also.  You
can get this license.   There will
be a fee of ₹1000.  This
license will be available to you after passing the exam.
We provide this working all over India.
My name is Yogendra Verma
Recruitment Manager ICIC LB Write on WhatsApp
How to become an ICICB Health Agent, I will
generally help you.  Hello
Yogendra Baba.